                    kali Linux tools
        
         netstat l this command used to find out facebook chating user ip address or forensick ip address. 
         
         profil3r। any user account,gmail,tweter,facbook and other social media account find tool.

this command run to profil3r:
	
	python3 profil3r.py -h = profil3r hellp command.
	
	python3 profil3r.py -p Shubham Omer = command used to write find user shubhamomer and other user. 

           chwp। use to hack windows password     this use to open c drive and open window folder and chwp command open same file othir informaion to my phone open cyberHitt folder or play techchip windows forward password chanel vedio.

       wireshark। use to capture paket and annalis network or open tcp , udp ,http and othir string.
       hydra। use to bruteforce attack or online password craking tool.
       
       Dangerouse Diamond Rat l this is a windows GUI tool this tool use to windows remote access and using exe , dat other file excension.
       
       osint l tools use to information and find any people email , phone , social media account , ip , name and other information.
       
       exiftool l get the image information and show image metadata.
       
       imagemagick l delete image information or metadata to command mogrify -strip hell.jpg.
       
       libimage-exif-perl l
       
       Etercap l this tool use to spoof victem
 IP in mobile , windows xyz.com and othir website open website to spoof attacker website and see login passwords.
       
       Nmap l
       
       Netcat l
       
       sqlmap l
       
       Hydra l
       
       Gethra l Malwere scaner and Malwere see code
       
       Beef l
       
       Burbsuite l
       
       Sara ransamwere l
       
       Xerosploit l
       
       Websploit l
       
       Phonesploit l
       
       Scapy l
       
       Metasploit l 
       
       Metasploit malwere user ip l kisi malwere ko jisne bnaya hai uski ip nekalne ke lia us malwere me aak 
  
  🔰 Cryptography Tools 🔰

xortool - A tool to analyze multi-byte XOR cipher

John the Ripper - A fast password cracker

Aircrack - Aircrack is 802.11 WEP and WPA-PSK keys cracking program.

Ciphey - Automated decryption tool using artificial intelligence & natural language processing.

➖➖ @exploithacker ➖➖

     --l Malware Analyse l--
 
     Gethra l
     
     
      🔰Execution logging and tracing🔰

Wireshark - A free and open-source packet analyser

tcpdump - A powerful command-line packet analyzer; and libpcap, a portable C/C++ library for network traffic capture

mitmproxy - An interactive, SSL-capable man-in-the-middle proxy for HTTP with a console interface

Charles Proxy - A cross-platform GUI web debugging proxy to view intercepted HTTP and HTTPS/SSL live traffic

usbmon - USB capture for Linux.

USBPcap - USB capture for Windows.

dynStruct - structures recovery via dynamic instrumentation.

drltrace - shared library calls tracing.

➖➖ @exploithacker ➖➖
  
  
  
  
        🔰 Web Tools 🔰

Spyse - Data gathering service that collects web info using OSINT. Provided info: IPv4 hosts, domains/whois, ports/banners/protocols, technologies, OS, AS, maintains huge SSL/TLS DB, and more... All the data is stored in its own database allowing get the data without scanning.

sqlmap - Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool

NoSQLMap - Automated NoSQL database enumeration and web application exploitation tool.

tools.web-max.ca - base64 base85 md4,5 hash, sha1 hash encoding/decoding

VHostScan - A virtual host scanner that performs reverse lookups, can be used with pivot tools, detect catch-all scenarios, aliases and dynamic default pages.

SubFinder - SubFinder is a subdomain discovery tool that discovers valid subdomains for any target using passive online sources.

Findsubdomains - A subdomains discovery tool that collects all possible subdomains from open source internet and validates them through various tools to provide accurate results.

badtouch - Scriptable network authentication cracker

PhpSploit - Full-featured C2 framework which silently persists on webserver via evil PHP oneliner

Git-Scanner - A tool for bug hunting or pentesting for targeting websites that have open .git repositories available in public

CSP Scanner - Analyze a site's Content-Security-Policy (CSP) to find bypasses and missing directives.
➖➖ @exploithacker ➖➖
        
        
        
        
        🔰Network Tools🔰

NetworkMiner - A Network Forensic Analysis Tool (NFAT)

Paros - A Java-based HTTP/HTTPS proxy for assessing web application vulnerability

pig - A Linux packet crafting tool
findsubdomains - really fast subdomains scanning service that has much greater opportunities than simple subs finder(works using OSINT).
cirt-fuzzer - A simple TCP/UDP protocol fuzzer.

ASlookup - a useful tool for exploring autonomous systems and all related info (CIDR, ASN, Org...)
ZAP - The Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP) is an easy to use integrated penetration testing tool for finding vulnerabilities in web applications

mitmsocks4j - Man-in-the-middle SOCKS Proxy for Java
ssh-mitm - An SSH/SFTP man-in-the-middle tool that logs interactive sessions and passwords.

nmap - Nmap (Network Mapper) is a security scanner

Aircrack-ng - An 802.11 WEP and WPA-PSK keys cracking program

Nipe - A script to make Tor Network your default gateway.

Habu - Python Network Hacking Toolkit
Wifi Jammer - Free program to jam all wifi clients in range

Firesheep - Free program for HTTP session hijacking attacks.

Scapy - A Python tool and library for low level packet creation and manipulation

Amass - In-depth subdomain enumeration tool that performs scraping, recursive brute forcing, crawling of web archives, name altering and reverse DNS sweeping

sniffglue - Secure multithreaded packet sniffer

Netz - Discover internet-wide misconfigurations, using zgrab2 and others.

RustScan - Extremely fast port scanner built with Rust, designed to scan all ports in a couple of seconds and utilizes nmap to perform port enumeration in a fraction of the time.

➖➖ @exploithacker ➖➖
        
        
        
        ❇️ What is password salting ?

Password salting is a technique to protect passwords stored in databases by adding a string of 32 or more characters and then hashing them. Salting prevents hackers who breach an enterprise environment from reverse-engineering passwords and stealing them from the database.

Password salting increases password complexity, making them unique and secure without affecting user experience. It also helps prevent hash table attacks and slows down brute-force and dictionary attacks.

❇️ Password hashing and why salting is required

Hashing prevents passwords from being exposed or stolen by threat actors, since they are not stored as plaintext. For example, when users create an account with a username and password on a website, their password is hashed and stored in an internal file system in an encrypted form.

When users log in, the password runs through a one-way hashing algorithm that converts the password into a different and unrecognizable string of characters. During login, this string is compared to the other hashes stored in the website's database. If the credentials match the stored hash, users can access the account. If it doesn't match, hash verification fails, and users are not able to log in.

    sparta l

       spamxv1
          
                918726379116